---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "astra_streaming_tenant Resource - terraform-provider-astra"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  astra_streaming_tenant creates an Astra Streaming tenant.
---

# astra_streaming_tenant (Resource)

`astra_streaming_tenant` creates an Astra Streaming tenant.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "astra_streaming_tenant" "example_tenant" {
  tenant_name    = "terraformtest1"
  cloud_provider = "gcp"
  region         = "useast-4"
  user_email     = "someuser@example.com"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `tenant_name` (String) Streaming tenant name.
- `user_email` (String) User email for tenant.

### Optional

- `cloud_provider` (String) Cloud provider, one of `aws`, `gcp`, or `azure`.  Required if `cluster_name` is not set.
- `cluster_name` (String) Pulsar cluster name.  Required if `cloud_provider` and `region` are not specified.
- `deletion_protection` (Boolean) Whether or not to allow Terraform to destroy this tenant. Unless this field is set to false in Terraform state, a `terraform destroy` or `terraform apply` command that deletes the instance will fail. Defaults to `true`.
- `region` (String) Cloud provider region.  Required if `cluster_name` is not set.
- `topic` (String, Deprecated) Streaming tenant topic. Please use the `astra_streaming_topic` resource instead.

### Read-Only

- `broker_service_url` (String) The Pulsar Binary Protocol URL used for production and consumption of messages.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `tenant_id` (String) UUID for the tenant.
- `user_metrics_url` (String) URL for metrics.
- `web_service_url` (String) URL used for administrative operations.
- `web_socket_query_param_url` (String) URL used for web socket query parameter operations.
- `web_socket_url` (String) URL used for web socket operations.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import astra_streaming_tenant.example_tenant terraformtest1
```
